ticdc: update the warning for using redo log (#10314)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/manage-ticdc.md

## Eventually consistent replication in disaster scenarios

> **Warning:**
>

> > In v5.3.0 and v5.4.0, it is not recommended that you use eventually consistent replication in disaster scenarios. For details, see [#6189](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/6189). This issue has been fixed in v6.1.1 and later. Therefore, it is recommended that you use v6.1.1 or later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In v5.3.0 and v5.4.0, it is not recommended that you use eventually consistent replication in disaster scenarios. For details, see [#6189](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/6189). This issue has been fixed in v6.1.1 and later. Therefore, it is recommended that you use v6.1.1 or a later version.
```
